---
layout: post
title: The Defining Law of the Internet Age
date: 2020-11-24
author: Shadow Walker
tags: [Politcs, News, Law, 转载]
toc: true
comments: true
---

## Source

From WSJ: [The Defining Law of the Internet Age- Justice Department seeks rollback of 1996 legislation that shields online platforms](https://www.wsj.com/articles/the-defining-law-of-the-internet-age-11592412911)

[Related WSJ Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FHTc6s5YTbU&ab_channel=WallStreetJournal)

## WSJ Report

The Justice Department’s proposal to give online platforms less legal protection from lawsuits is the latest effort to revamp the defining law of the internet age.

At issue is Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act, a 1996 statute that gives internet-service providers, social-media sites and streaming services a powerful shield from lawsuits over content generated by others.

At the time Congress enacted the law, many of today’s online giants didn’t exist. But lawmakers feared that no one would invest in the internet if online platforms were so vulnerable to litigation.

Specifically, the bill’s bipartisan authors were troubled by the implications of a 1995 New York court decision against now-defunct online service Prodigy. In that case, a penny stock brokerage house—later depicted in Martin Scorsese’s film “The Wolf of Wall Street”—sued Prodigy over an anonymous posting on its bulletin board accusing the brokerage of fraud. Prodigy hosted the board but didn’t write the statement. Nonetheless, a New York judge concluded that Prodigy should be treated as its publisher. The ruling cited Prodigy’s policy of screening obscene language as evidence of its editorial control. The case later settled.

The enactment of Section 230 ensured that websites could moderate and filter offensive content and do so without exposing themselves to litigation. With the backing of the tech industry, the measure passed both houses with strong bipartisan support before it was signed by President Clinton.

> “There is no way that any of those entities, like Prodigy, can take the responsibility to edit out information that is going to be coming in to them from all manner of sources onto their bulletin board,” one of the backers of the bill, former Rep. Bob Goodlatte (R., Va.), said on the House floor at the time. “We are talking about something that is far larger than our daily newspaper.”

Section 230 provides immunity in two ways. The more important one says that, **with limited exceptions, internet companies can’t be treated as the publisher of information created by a third party.** **That protection applies to anything from a tweet to a consumer review or reader comment.**

**Another section says that an internet site can screen content it deems offensive without losing legal protections.**

Internet companies have used the law to dismiss lawsuits ranging from defamation claims to negligence suits, including efforts to hold online platforms responsible for allowing terrorist groups to spread propaganda on their platforms.

> “Section 230 is the foundation of the internet we use every day,” said Eric Goldman, a law professor at Santa Clara University who has written extensively about the statute.


The statute’s immunity isn’t boundless. Section 230 neither applies to claims of intellectual-property infringement, nor does it restrict federal criminal prosecutions.

Controversy around Backpage.com’s illicit sex work ads prompted Congress in 2018 to chisel Section 230’s immunity. Lawmakers amended the law to clarify that an online platform can be sued for promoting underage sex and prostitution.

As social-media sites have grown larger and more powerful, the law has become a political lightning rod. **Accusing Twitter and other online platforms of anticonservative bias, President Trump and some Republican lawmakers have sought to curb the scope of Section 230’s immunities and punish sites that fail to police content neutrally. The law has also come under fire from some Democratic lawmakers who say it doesn’t do enough to combat hate speech and misinformation.**

Tech companies contend that Section 230 is fundamental to the internet economy’s smooth functioning.

The Justice Department’s proposal wouldn’t directly penalize platforms for discriminating against users. But it could give rise to more breach-of-contract lawsuits over user suspensions and bans, according to Evan Brown, a Chicago technology attorney. Part of the department’s plan seeks to limit immunity to social-media sites that police content in a manner inconsistent with its terms of service.


The Justice Department is hoping to broaden the exceptions in several other ways, including making it easier to sue social-media sites for giving a platform to terrorists and cyberstalkers.

Write to Jacob Gershman at jacob.gershman@wsj.com

## Section 230 Excerpt

**U.S. Code § 230 - Protection for private blocking and screening of offensive material**


(c)Protection for “Good Samaritan” blocking and screening of offensive material  
(1)Treatment of publisher or speaker  
**No provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information provided by another information content provider.**  
(2)Civil liability  
**No provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be held liable on account of—  
(A)any action voluntarily taken in good faith to restrict access to or availability of material that the provider or user considers to be obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, excessively violent, harassing, or otherwise objectionable, whether or not such material is constitutionally protected;** or  
(B)any action taken to enable or make available to information content providers or others the technical means to restrict access to material described in paragraph (1).[1]    
(d)Obligations of interactive computer service  
A provider of interactive computer service shall, at the time of entering an agreement with a customer for the provision of interactive computer service and in a manner deemed appropriate by the provider, notify such customer that parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software, or filtering   services) are commercially available that may assist the customer in limiting access to material that is harmful to minors. Such notice shall identify, or provide the customer with access to information identifying, current providers of such protections.  

(e)Effect on other laws  
(1)No effect on criminal law  
Nothing in this section shall be construed to impair the enforcement of section 223 or 231 of this title, chapter 71 (relating to obscenity) or 110 (relating to sexual exploitation of children) of title 18, or any other Federal criminal statute.  

(2)No effect on intellectual property law    
Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit or expand any law pertaining to intellectual property.

### Discuss

I have highlighted the vital part. The blod part is simply about one thing: **SNS and internet webistes are not responsible for users' published opinions**. Users themselves should be responsible for them. 
